ninni ninni ninni ninni gives away
brothers of minecraft idem hate are
pieces are here to present you a new one
fashion , fashion or gela streak mod
let's start this mode right away
introduces nothing special just one
small thing on a visual level I have you
reviewed this fashion because it is a fashion
of hichan and you know that I respect hichan
so any fashions he does is beautiful
what a terrible thing I must show you for
I absolutely wanted to bring you today
a minigame called crunk and unfortunately
the video is 7 minutes and it really is
boring because I failed to
comment on it since a minigame
really chaotic and it's not easy to
I swear to comment
so I see to register another
game or bring you another mini game
however this is today's fashion me
sorry if these days I can't
make videos but unfortunately they are
messed up with the school at the end
week or very little time for
so record as soon as I have a little bit
of time I bring you a mod
this way the only installable fashion
single player so there is no version
for multiplayer but it was very nice fashions
because it can be customized to
hundred percent
see this strip that is behind it
this strip is the one that there
introduces this fashion is completely
free, that is, we can also make gods
look for what's missing because you can't
do because it follows the wake of ours
character there are different types of skis
and I now to that of nayan cat ce ne
they are of different types there is also that
with cookies the interesting thing about
this fashion and that the wake can be
also customized ie go in for
one hundred percent suitable for minecraft point a
Msgr
or I don't remember where, however, in the
minecraft point there is a folder with
written texture script gb a stuff of the
I don't know what it's called now
you can insert the texture to you in a way
that I don't know, I slipped
it's a really useful way for animation
so I recommend it to everyone e
especially if you want to maybe see it
I don't even know a particular effect
run as you see there is this sort of
wake we can do
when maybe the character is
running really fast pole maybe
superhero flash that runs really fast
so an interesting fashion and it would be
very nice if introduced in multiplayer
ok guys unfortunately the fashions video
ends here
today I will bring you another video if I can
otherwise we go to tomorrow because unfortunately
I have to study a lot
I remind you to put a nice, and I like
350 I like to publish in fashions
subscribe to the embankments primary channel
on the next moves that will come out and there
let's see an upcoming video on minecraft
from fashions
hello everyone guys